[#AppendixB]
== Credit Card Transaction Types

[%autowidth]
|===
|Transaction Type |Name |Description

|authorization |Authorization  |Reserves funds from the [Card Holder]'s
account. 7 days left to conduct a [Capture] on this transaction.

|authorization-only |Authorization Only |Verifies the card's validity
without leaving an authorized amount.

|authorization-supplementary |Authorization Supplementary |Reserves
additional funds from the [Cardholder]'s account following an
[Authorization]. 7 days left to conduct a [Capture] on this transaction.

|capture-authorization |Capture Authorization |Takes funds from the
[Card Holder]'s account. Must follow an [Authorization] or
[Authorization Supplementary] chain.

|capture-preauthorization |Capture Preauthorization |Takes funds from
the [Card Holder]'s account. Must follow an [Preauthorization] chain.

|check-enrollment |3D Check Enrollment |Verifies the 3D participation of
a card using card scheme directory server and/or ACS.

|check-payer-response |3D Check Payer Response |Verifies that the
cardholder authenticated the transaction within the 3D Secure Program.

|credit |Credit |Moves funds from the [Merchant] to the [Account
Holder].

|preauthorization |Preauthorization a|Reserves funds from the [Card
Holder]'s account. 7 days left to conduct a [Capture-preauthorization]
on this transaction.

[NOTE]
Mastercard allows up to 30 days to conduct a [Capture-preauthorization]
depending on the configuration.

|purchase |Purchase  |Takes funds from the [Card Holder]'s account. A
one-step process to conduct two Transaction Types: [Authorization] and
[Capture].

|refund-capture |Refund Capture |Gives funds to the [Card Holder]'s
account, referring to an eligible [Capture].

|refund-purchase |Refund Purchase |Gives funds to the [Card Holder]'s
account, referring to an eligible [Purchase].

|tokenize |Tokenize |Provides a unique [Card Token] from sensitive
Credit Card Data.  The [Card Token] can be used in subsequent
transactions instead of the card information itself.

|void-auth-supplementary |Void Authorization Supplementary |Voids an
upwardly adjustment of an existing authorization.

|void-authorization |Void Authorization |Frees reserved funds from the
[Card Holder]'s account due to an [Authorization] or chain of
[Authorization Supplementary]s. Please use _Void Authorization_, if a
merchant initiates an action, e.g. the cancelation of a transaction.

|void-capture |Void Capture |Frees reserved funds from the [Card
Holder]'s account due to a [Capture].

|void-capture-preauthorization |Void Capture Preauthorization |Frees
reserved funds from the [Card Holder]'s account due to a
[Capture-preauthorization].

|void-credit |Void Credit |Frees reserved funds from the [Card Holder]'s
account due to a [Credit].

|void-preauthorization |Void Preauthorization |Frees reserved funds from
the [Card Holder]'s account due to an [Preauthorization].

|void-purchase |Void Purchase |Frees reserved funds from the [Card
Holder]'s account due to a [Purchase].

|void-refund-capture |Void Refund Capture |Frees reserved funds from the
[Card Holder]'s account due to an [Refund Capture].

|void-refund-purchase |Void Refund Purchase |Frees reserved funds from
the [Card Holder]'s account due to an [Refund Purchase].

|===

//-
